---
title: 'Goodbye, New York'
date: 2024-05-30
permalink: /posts/2025/02/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - New York
  - category1
  - category2
---
My memories of NYC on the last day before I go home.

Leaving New York
======
Today is the time for leaving. The flight is scheduled at around 2:00 AM. Too many feelings for the leaving which means that I might not come back for reasons other than travelling.

Personally, I do like the New York City. There are a lot of things that you cannot experience in any other city in the whole world. I have watched two baseball games, serveral NBA games, and 2 Broadway musicals. I have lived in the city for around 2 years. However, it is time to say goodbye. 

I do have the opportunity to stay in the city, doing research in a University located in Manhattan in the following 5 years. I did not accept that offer. I still think I should go back to my home country, China, instead of staying in the city, putting up with the noise and pressure. 

Memories of the city
======

My university (NYU)
------
I was a master student at NYU, Tandon School of Engineering. My major is Computer Engineering. The Engineering School is located in the Downtown Brooklyn (DTBK) and the public transportation is quite convenient. So, technically you can live anywhere in the city and go to the school in 30 minutes (except Staten Island, maybe Bronx). NYU also offers school shuttle and it is totally free. 

Museums
------

City views
------

Sports
------

dining
------

living
------
There are many train stations including Jay St-Metrotech, DeKalb Av, Hoyt St, etc. And there are many trains, such as B, D, Q, R, A, C, F, 2, 3, 4, 5. So, you can go to everywhere tin the city. 

Transportation
------
